What is Yocto Project
----------------------
Yocto project provides open source, high quality infrastructure and tools to help developers create their own custom Linux distributions for any hardware architecture.

History
------------
Founded in 2010,  in an effort to reduce work duplication, provide resources and information catering to both new and experienced users.

collaboration of
	many hardware manufacturers
	open source operating systems vendors and
	electronics companies

Yocto is also a project working group of the Linux Foundation
----------------------------
Advantages of Yocto Project

1. Widely Adopted Across the Industry
	Semiconductor, operating system, software, and service vendors exist whose products and services adopt and support the Yocto Project.
	Eg. Intel, Facebook, arm, Juniper Networks, LG, AMD, NXP, DELL

2. Architecture Agnostic
	supports Intel, ARM, MIPS, AMD, PPC and other architectures
	chip vendors create and supply BSPs that support their hardware
	if you have custom silicon, you can create a BSP that supports that architecture
	the Yocto Project fully supports a wide range of device emulation through the Quick EMUlator (QEMU)

3. Images and Code Transfer Easily
	Yocto Project output can easily move between architectures without moving to new development environments.

4. Flexibility
	Through customization and layering, a project group can leverage the base Linux distribution to create a distribution that works for their product needs.

5. Ideal for Constrained Embedded and IoT devices
	Unlike a full Linux distribution, you can use the Yocto Project to create exactly what you need for embedded devices
	You only add the feature support or packages that you absolutely need for the device

6. Uses a Layer Model
	The Yocto Project layer infrastructure groups related functionality into separate bundles.
	You can incrementally add these grouped functionalities to your project as needed
	Allows you to easily extend the system, make customizations, and keep functionality organized.
----------------------------
Input and output
To understand the outcome provided by the Yocto Project, we can use the analogy of the computing machine

Input: Set of data that describes what we want, that is our specification 
		(Kernel Configuration, Hardware Name, Packages/Binaries to be installed)

Output: Linux Based Embedded Product 
		(Linux Kernel, Root File System, Bootloader, Device Tree, Toolchain)
----------------------------
Requirements:
1. 50Gbytes of free disk space
2. Run Linux distribution
3.  Git 1.8.3.1 or greater
	tar 1.27 or greater
	Python 3.4.0 or greater.

Packages and package installation vary depending on your development system.

(*) Install the required packages for Yocto to Work from
        https://www.yoctoproject.org/docs/latest/ref-manual/ref-manual.html#ubuntu-packages

$ sudo apt-get install gawk wget git-core diffstat unzip texinfo gcc-multilib \
    build-essential chrpath socat cpio python python3 python3-pip python3-pexpect \
    xz-utils debianutils iputils-ping python3-git python3-jinja2 libegl1-mesa libsdl1.2-dev \
    pylint3 xterm

git clone git://git.yoctoproject.org/poky -b kirkstone

command "source" is used to create build environment: source oe-init-build-env